Zhenzhen, I wanted to explain to you a long time ago. This is me.
Woman, do you dare to do it or not?
Do you know how much I love you
Stop talking when I see you
The ego really thinks it through, really
Do you love Da Shaoping?
Does Young Master Gu also like you?
The gift you wear is no match for Su Xiaojin
Speaking of appearance, Su Xiaojin dumped you again.
What is your own strength?
Stronger than our years, career, career, career
Even if you serve the king
I want to see you again Chen Zhen Chen Zhen
Will you let me go?
A few words of greeting
I will hate Chen Zhen for a few words
You will never let me down Chen Zhen Chen Zhen
Do you believe that I really didn’t lie to you, Su Li?
What I said today
Not pretending to be your fault
Let's forget it, Chen Zhen